add support information (#201)
Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard: docs/support/index.md

# Getting Help

> This page describes how you can get help with publishing or using OFDS data.

Reviewer: Expand first use of 'OFDS':

```suggestion
This page describes how you can get help with publishing or using Open Fibre Data Standard (OFDS) data.
```

> ## OFDS Helpdesk

Reviewer: I prefer to avoid 'helpdesk' terminology as many people read it to mean resetting passwords etc. :-)

```suggestion
## OFDS Support Team
```

> The Open Fibre Data Standard (OFDS) Helpdesk is available to support you in publishing or using OFDS data, and to assist in the ongoing development of the standard.

Reviewer: See previous comments.

```suggestion
The OFDS Support Team is available to support you in publishing or using OFDS data and to assist in the ongoing development of the standard.
```

> If you are planning to publish or use OFDS data, then the OFDS Helpdesk is on-hand to offer advice and input, by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to publish or use OFDS data, then the OFDS Support Team is on-hand to offer advice and input, by:
```

* Helping you identify approaches for converting data from your existing systems to OFDS
* Suggesting existing tools and services that can help you publish or use OFDS data
* Providing guidance on mapping your data structures to OFDS
* Giving you feedback on draft data files, and checking the structure of your data

> Helpdesk support is delivered through collaboration with [Open Data Services](https://opendataservices.coop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support is delivered in collaboration with [Open Data Services Co-operative](https://opendataservices.coop).
```

Through funding from the World Bank, this support is provided free of charge.

> Please e-mail [openfibre@opendataservices.coop](mailto:openfibre@opendataservices.coop) with your questions, and a member of the OFDS Helpdesk will be in touch with you soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please e-mail [openfibre@opendataservices.coop](mailto:openfibre@opendataservices.coop) with your questions, and a member of the OFDS Support Team will be in touch with you soon.
```

## OFDS Community

> You can also contribute directly to public discussions about implementing the standard and give feedback on its development, via the [discussion tracker](https://github.com/Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard/discussions). You can also [raise an issue](https://github.com/Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard/issues) to make a technical contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute directly to public discussions about implementing the standard and give feedback on its development via the [discussion tracker](https://github.com/Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard/discussions). You can also [raise an issue](https://github.com/Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard/issues) to make a technical contribution.
```
